[Music]
an old country of schlopsky i
am ditch digger as far as jobs in
schloops go
it's pretty good we
are the green bounds and we have
american dream
i find good job in pickle factory
sarah i make this vow in 100 years
our family will prosper and then one day
everything changed
[Music]
it's been 100 years the pickle
brine preserved him
do that perfectly world has changed
everyone
i know is gone we were able to track
down a great
grandson greenbelt greenbob
this is nuts
[Music]
where are they they passed away it was a
car crash you will tell me everything of
their deaths
how their bodies died their faces as the
life left
we will bond over our pain oh no love
you're not alone
i understand why you're a religious
person but i am
not how do you agree for dead parents
doing okay
i have an idea please not be called
business
that's a very stupid idea herschel you
have no wife
no children dude no friends no job you
need help
i'm fine you're not alone
it will become success wow it's very
pungent
um yeah that's straight from the devil
we will finally make their parents proud
don't talk about my parents you never
met them
[Music]
you have captivated the hearts of the
entire world
probably not best case scenario for the
family's become
in old country we have say i'm sure this
is aged well
if man does not throw punch it is
because these men secretly
had all the arm do something bad
throw your punch you know they cured
polio right
like a guy named jonas salk was killed
you he was
yes is this your father
no that's david bowie is this your
mother no that's also david bowie that
whole poster's date with bowie
you